c:\users\bajju\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NancyBlogDemo\NancyBlogDemo\bin\NancyBlogDemo.dll.config
c:\users\bajju\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NancyBlogDemo\NancyBlogDemo\bin\NancyBlogDemo.dll
c:\users\bajju\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NancyBlogDemo\NancyBlogDemo\bin\NancyBlogDemo.pdb
c:\users\bajju\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NancyBlogDemo\NancyBlogDemo\bin\Nancy.dll
c:\users\bajju\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NancyBlogDemo\NancyBlogDemo\bin\Nancy.Hosting.Aspnet.dll
c:\users\bajju\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NancyBlogDemo\NancyBlogDemo\bin\Nancy.ViewEngines.Razor.dll
c:\users\bajju\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NancyBlogDemo\NancyBlogDemo\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\bajju\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NancyBlogDemo\NancyBlogDemo\bin\Nancy.xml
c:\users\bajju\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NancyBlogDemo\NancyBlogDemo\bin\Nancy.Hosting.Aspnet.xml
c:\users\bajju\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NancyBlogDemo\NancyBlogDemo\bin\Nancy.ViewEngines.Razor.xml
c:\users\bajju\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NancyBlogDemo\NancyBlogDemo\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\bajju\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NancyBlogDemo\NancyBlogDemo\obj\Debug\NancyBlogDemo.dll
c:\users\bajju\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NancyBlogDemo\NancyBlogDemo\obj\Debug\NancyBlogDemo.pdb
c:\users\bajju\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NancyBlogDemo\NancyBlogDemo\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\bajju\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NancyBlogDemo\NancyBlogDemo\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\bajju\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NancyBlogDemo\NancyBlogDemo\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\bajju\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NancyBlogDemo\NancyBlogDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\bajju\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NancyBlogDemo\NancyBlogDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\bajju\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NancyBlogDemo\NancyBlogDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\bajju\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NancyBlogDemo\NancyBlogDemo\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\bajju\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NancyBlogDemo\NancyBlogDemo\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\bajju\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NancyBlogDemo\NancyBlogDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\bajju\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NancyBlogDemo\NancyBlogDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\bajju\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NancyBlogDemo\NancyBlogDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
